---
title: WSL Transfer Week 11
date: 2024-09-02 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 11.
tags:
- wsl
- transfers
- brighton
- chelsea
- crystal palace
- manchester city
- manchester united
- tottenham
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 11.

## Brighton 
6th September: Goalkeeper, Katie Startup, leaves for WSL side Manchester City, after spending 4 years with the club.

## Chelsea
5th September: 21-year old French defender, Maelys Mpome, joins from Montpellier on a 3-year deal.
7th September: Defender, Brooke Aspin, joins WSL side Crystal Palace on a season long loan. Aspin signed for Chelsea last summer and spent the season with Bristol.

## Crystal Palace
2nd September: Isabella Sibley joins Newcastle United on-loan for the season.
7th September: Chelsea defender, Brooke Aspinm joins the side on-loan for the season.

## Manchester City
6th September: Katie Startup, goalkeeper, signs a permanent contract with the side after spending six-weeks with the club at the end of last season on an emergency loan.

## Manchester United
4th September: Manchester United announce the signing of Norway international, and Tottenham Hotspur attacker, Celine Bizet, on a 3-year contract.

## Tottenham Hotspur
6th September: Anna Csiki, 24-year old Hungary internation and BK Hacken midfielder, joins on a permanent deal which runs until 2028.
7th September: Goalkeeper Katelin Talbert joins the club on a short-term loan spell from West Ham United. Talbert will stay with the side until the end of December 2024.

## West Ham United
7th September: Katelin Talbert joins Tottenham Hotspur on a short-term loan, seeing her play for the side until the end of 2024.
