---
title: WSL Transfer Week 7
date: 2024-08-12 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 7.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- brighton
- aston villa
- chelsea
- crystal palace
- liverpool
- manchester city
- manchester united

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 7.

## Aston Villa
8th August: 23-year old winger, Chasity Grant, joins the club on a three yeawr deal from Ajax.

## Brighton and Hove Albion
9th August: Serbian international midfielder, Dejana Stefanovic, signs a new contract extension.

## Chelsea
8th August: 19-year old Greta Humphries joins the recently relegated Bristol City on-loan. The young defender signed her firrst professional contract with Chelsea earlier this summer.

## Crystal Palace
7th August: New Zealand international, Indian-Paige Riley, joins the club on a two-year deal, signing from Dutch team PSV Eindhoven.
9th August: Netherlands international and Ajax academy graduate, Ashleigh Weerden, joins the club.

## Liverpool
7th August: 20-year old defender, and long-time Liverpool player, Lucy Parry, has signed a contract extension withthe side. Lucy has played with Liverpool since the age of 7.
8th August: Rachael Laws, goalkeeper, signs an extension with the club. She has been with the side since 2013.

## Manchester City
5h August: 18-year old England youth international goalkeeper, Eve Annet, joins the side on a four-year deal from Reading.
9th August: Japanese international, Ayaka Yamashita, signs on a three-year contract, coming from Japanese side INAC Kobe Leonessa. The 28-year old goalkeeper has earned 74 senior international caps.

## Manchester United
9th August: Manchester United announce the signing of Canadian international midfielder, Simi Awujo, on a three-year contract. The 20-year old joins from U.S. collegiate team University of Southern California's USC Trojans.
