---
title: WSL Transfer Week 9
date: 2024-08-26 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 9.
tags:
- wsl
- transfers
- brighton
- chelsea
- crystal palace
- manchester city
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 9.

## Brighton
23rd August: Jelena Cankovic, Chelsea midfielder, joins the Seagulls on a permanent contract.
24th August: Striker Bruna Vilamala, 22, joins the side from Barcelona on a season-long loan spell. Vilamala is making her WSL debut, having played for the Spanish club since the age of 12.

## Chelsea
20th August: Aimee Claypole, 18-year old forward, joins Linkopig on a short-term loan spell until December.
23rd August: Jelena Cankovic leaves after two seasons, 22 appearances, and 4 goals with the club. She joins fellow WSL side, Brighton & Hove Albion.
Also on this day, Academy goalkeeper, Katie Cox, signs her first professional contract with the club, seeing her stay until at least 2026.

## Crystal Palace
21st August: 20-year old striker, Louna Ribadeira, joins the side on a four-year contract. She will rejoin Paris FC on-loan this season to continue developing her talents.

## Manchester City
19th August: 20-year old defender, Naomi Layzell, becomes the latest City signing, joining from Bristol City where she played 20 out of 22 matches last season. Layzell signs on a long-term deal thay will keep her at the club until summer 2028.

## West Ham United
19th August: Canadian international Shelina Zadorsky signs a permanent one-year deal. Having joined the side from Tottenham, she made 10 appearances last season and boasts over 100 caps internationally.
