---
title: WSL Transfer Week 8
date: 2024-08-19 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 8.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- arsenal
- chelsea
- crystal palace
- liverpool
- manchester city
- manchester united
- tottenham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 8.

## Arsenal
13th August: Swedish forward, Rosa Kafaji, joins the side on a long-term contracct. Kafaji joins from Swedish side BK Hacken, where she made 61 appearances and scored 28 goals, making her the sides top scorer in the 2023/2024 season.
14th August: Canadian international forward, Cloe Lacasse leaves Arsenal to join NWSL club Utah Royal. Lacasse joined Arsenal in summer 2023 and leaves having made 28 appearances and scoring 5 goals.

## Chelsea
15th August: 20-year old academy graduate, Jorja Fox, signs a new contract with the club and announces her loan spell to Crystal Palace for the 2024/2025 season.

## Crystal Palace
15th August: Jorja Fox, fullback, signs on a season-long contract from Chelsea.
Palace also announce the signing of Denmark international forward, Mille Gejl from Montpellier.

## Liverpool
15th August: 24-year old Swedish forward, Cornerlia Kapocs, signs on a permanent deal from Linkopig FC.
16th August: After announcing her departure from Manchester United, Gemma Evans signs for Liverpool. Evans is an experienced defender with game time at Reading and Bristol too.

## Manchester City
14th August: Academy player, Gracie Prior, signs her first professional contract with the club. The 19-year old centre-half will join the sides senior squad on a full-time basis this upcoming season.

## Manchester United
16th August: Gemma Evans announces her departure from the Red Devils to join rival WSL side Liverpool on a permanent deal.

## Tottenham Hotspur
16th August: Australian international defender, Clare Hunt, joins the club from Paris Saint-Germain on a deal lasting until 2027.
