---
title: WSL Transfer Week 4
date: 2024-07-22 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 4.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- aston villa
- brighton
- chelsea
- leicester
- manchesterunited
- tottenham
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 4.

## Aston Villa
15th July: Lionesses midfielder, Katie Robinson, joins the side on a two-year deal, this comes after announcing her departure from fellow WSL side Brighton a month earlier.
16th July: Lucy Staniforth signs an extension which see's her stay with the club until June 2025.

## Brighton & Hove Albion
17th July: Aisha Masaka, striker, joins after a successful spell at B.K Hacken where she helped the club finish second in the Swedish League.

## Chelsea
16th July: Oriene JEan-Francois, French midfielder, joins the team from Paris Saint-German on a three-year contract.
17th July: 5-time UEFA Champions League winner, Lucy Bronze, returns to the WSL, this time representing a different blue team. Can she help Chelsea secure their own UCL win this time round.
19th July: Goalkeeper, Nicky Evrard leaves to play in the top women's league in Netherlands, joining PSV Eindhoven after a 1-year spell with the blues.

## Leicester City 
15th July: Amandine Miquel joins as the new manager after a successful seven-year spell at Stade de Reims where, after two years with the club, she helped the French team secure a promotion to the top-tier of French football.
17th July: 22 year-old striker, Shannon O'Brien, extends her stay with the club until at least summer 2025.
18th July: Denny Draper signs her first professsional contract with the side after making her debut in October 2023.
Also on this day, Leicester announce the signing of Jamaican international defender, Chantelle Swaby, signing a two-year contract with the side, after announcing her departure from FC Fleury 91.
19th July: Sari Kees, 23-year old Belgian defender, signs a three-year contract with the club, leaving Belgian Women's Super League side OH Leuven. 
20th July: Having spent 6-months on-loan with the side in 2022/2023, Ruby Mace is a Leicester player once more. Joining the side on a permanent move that will see her stay with the club for 2 years.

## Manchester United
17th July: Elisabeth Terland joins the club on a deal seeing her at the side until the end of the 2025/2026 season, havin left Brighton as their top-scorer in the 2023/2024 season.
18th July: Nikita Parris is staying for another year as Manchester United annouunce they triggered the one-year option on her contract.
Also on this day, United announce that Spanish midfielder, Irene Guerrero, is leaving the club to join Mexican team Club America Femenil. Irene made seven appearances for the club since joining in 2023.

## Tottenham Hotspur
17th July: 21 year-old defender, Ella Morris, joins the club on a three-year contract. The defender previously played for Southampton, habing joined the side at just 14 years old.

## Westham United
20th July: Just days after signing her first professional contract with the club, 18 year old, Princess Ademiluyi, joins Charlton Athletic on a season-long loan spell, giving her the opportunity to gain some valuable first-team experience with the Championship side. 
