---
title: WSL Transfer Week 6
date: 2024-08-05 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 6.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- arsenal
- aston villa
- chelsea
- everton
- leicester
- liverpool
- manchester city
- manchester united
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 6.

## Arsenal
31st July: Dutch national goalkeeper, Daphne Van Domselaar, joins the club. Having made 15 appearances for Aston Vlila during her time there, she is already familiar with the pressures of playing in the WSL.
2nd August: Gio Querioz leaves Arsenal to join Atletico Madrid on a permanent contract, having spent a successful 2023/2024 campaign with the Liga F club.

## Aston Villa
31st July: Goalkeeper Daphne Van Domselaar leaves the side after Arsenal trigger a buyout clause on her contract. 
31st July: Aston Villa sign former Arsenal goalkeeper, Sabrina D'Angelo on a two-year deal, following the expiry of her contract at the club. 
1st August: Long-time Liverpool midfielder, Missy Bo Kearnes, signs a three-year deal with Villa. Kearnes brings a wealth of experience at a young age, having mmade over 100 caps for Liverpool and captaining the England under-23's side. 

## Chelsea
29th July: Jess Carter leaves the side to follow former goalkeeper, Ann-Katrin Berger at NWSL side NI/NJ Gotham FC. Carter has been with the blues since 2018, having made 150+ appearances for the team.
1st August: 18-year old midfielder, Ashanti Akpan, will go out on loan to Birmingham City for the 2024/2025 season. She signed her first professional contract for Chelsea midway through last season.

## Crystal Palace
1st August: Denmark international defender, Katrine Veje, becomes the sides first signing of the summer transfer window, joining from WSL side Everton. 
2nd August: Goalkeeper Shae Yanez closely follows as the second signing for Palace. She joins the club on a permanent deal from former WSL side Bristol City.

## Everton
30th July: 21-year old Spanish international, Inma Gabarro joins the WSL side after leaving Sevilla. The young midfielder made her senior squad debut in November 2022.
31st July: Twins, Karen and Sara Holmgaard, sign new deals with the club, playing in midfeidler and full-back positions respectively. The twins first joined the club together in 2022 and have both battled with injuries since joining but are looking forward to spending their third season with the club. 

## Leicester City
29th July: Former Stade de Reims striker, Noemie Mouchon, joind the Foxes on a three-year contract. The 21-year old scored 9 goals in 22 games last season, helping the side reach fourth in the league.

## Liverpool
1st August: Former academy graduate and long-time Liverpool player, Missy Bo Kearnes, leaves the side after making more than 100 appearances for her hometown team.

## Manchester City
2nd August: Japan international, Aoba Fujino joins on a three-year deal. The 20-year old forward is Japans youngest ever World Cup goalscorer across both men's and women's teams.

## Manchester United
2nd August: Swedish international defender, Anna Sandberg, joins on a three-year contract. The defender has been with the Swedish side BK Hacken since 2022.

## Westham United
1st August: 19-year old Republic of Ireland international, Jessie Stapleton, joins Sunderland on loan for the 2024/2025 season.
