---
title: WSL Transfer Week 1 
date: 2024-07-06 13:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 1.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- arsenal
- aston villa
- brighton
- chelsea
- crystalpalace
- everton
- leicester
- liverpool
- manchestercity
- manchesterunited
- tottenham
- westham
categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 1.

## Aston Villa
29th June: Rober de Pauw announced as Manager, joining from Bayer Leverkusen after having spent 2 previous campaigns with the German club.

## Chelsea
25th June: Defender Cerys Brown, 19, extends Chelsea contract.  
30th June: Russian defender Alsu Abdullina leaves Chelsea, alongside Chelsea Academy graduate and winger Reanna Blades.

## Crystal Palace
27th June: The Eagles forward, Molly Sharpe, signs a two-year contract. Additionally, midfielder Chloe Arthur renews her stay for a third season.

## Liverpool
27th June: Emma Koivisto leaves Liverpool to join AC Milan after spending 2 seasons with the club.

## Manchester United
26th June: Spanish forward Lucia Garcia leaves after 2 seasons.  
27th June: Captain Katie Zelem leaves after spending 6 years with the club.  
29th June: Lionesses and United's no.1 goalkeeper, Mary Earps leaves after spending 5 years with the club. 

## Tottenham Hotspur
26th June: Amanda Nilden signs a permanent contract after a successful 6 months on loan from Juventus.

## West Ham United
28th June: Jess Ziu becomes the fourth player to sign a new contract this summer.  
30th June: West Ham announce several departures: Mackenzie Arnold, Hawa Cissoki, Honoka Hayashi, Risa Shimizu, Emma Snerle, Abbey-Leigh Stringer and Mel Filis all leave the club. Meaning that West Ham have lost their no.1 goalkeeper, 2 defenders and 3 midfielders.  
2nd July: Polish no.1 goalkeeper Kinga Szemik signs from Stade de Reims.

