---
title: WSL Transfer Week 5
date: 2024-07-29 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 5.
tags: 
- wsl
- transfers
- aston villa
- brighton
- everton
- liverpool
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 5.

## Aston Villa
23rd July - Miri Taylor signs a permanent 2-year deal after joining the club on a short-term basis from Liverpool earlier this year.
25th July - Goalkeeper Sophia Poor signs her first professional contract with the club after graduating from Academy player and getting her first-team chance in April.

## Brighton & Hove Albion
22nd July - England under-19s goalkeeper, Hannah Poulter, signs her first professiional contract with the club. 
24th July - Julia Zigiotti, Swedish midfielder, leaves after 2 and a half years with the club. 

## Everton
24th July - Italian midfielder, Aurora Galli, extends her stay with the club for a fourth season after a successful 2023/2024 season with the club, scoring three goals and assisting two.
25th July - Winger, Melissa Lawley signs for Everton, bringing years of experiennce with WSL clubs such as Arsenal, Manchester City, and most recently, Liverpool.
26th July - Greece international midfielder, Veatriki Sarri, signs for the club after leaving Brighton and Hove Albion where she scored 6 goals in 53 appearances over her two year spell. 

## Liverpool
25th July - Melissa Lawley leaves the side for rival Merseyside team Everton, after spending 5 years with the club, assisting in their promotion to the WSL.

## Westham United
25th July - France under-23s international fullback, Ines Bellomou, joins the club on a 3-year contract. Bellomou will immediately join SS Lazio on-loan for the 2024/2025 season.
26th July - Keira Flannery, midfielder, joins Sunderland on-loan for the 2024/2025 season.
