---
title: WSL Transfer Week 10
date: 2024-08-26 09:00:00
description: The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 10.
tags:
- wsl
- transfers
- chelsea
- crystal palace
- everton
- leicester
- manchester city
- tottenham
- westham

categories: [wsl, transfers]
---

# The who's left, who's joined, and who's renewed of the WSL Transfer Window, Week 10.

## Chelsea
29th August: Defender Cerys Brown will spend the upcoming season on-loan in the Women's Championship, joining London City Lionesses.
30th August: Emily Orman announces a permanent move to London City Lionesses. The 21-year old Goalkeeper has been with the side since she was 16.
31st August: Midfielder, Lexi Potter, announces her new 4-year contract with theclub in addition to announcing her loan-spell at Crystal Palace this upcoming season.

## Crystal Palace
31st August: Lexi Potter returns to the club on a loan spell, having previously spent the 2023/2024 season on-loan with the side from Chelsea. 
Also on this day, Palace announce the signing of two players. Finland international goalkeeper, Milla-Maj Majasaarl joins the club as their second goalkeeper signing of the summer. Wales international midfielder, Josie Green also joins on a permanent contract. Green has experience in the WSL with former clubs Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur, where she worked under Palace manager Laura Kaminski. 
1st September: 22-year old Swedish midfielder, My Cato, joins the club from Norrkoping where she captained the side since 2023.

## Everton
28th August: Martina Piemonte leaves the club to join Lazio on a permanent transfer.

## Leicester City
28th August: 19-year old French youth international winger, Shana Chossenotte, joins the club on a 3-year contract from Stade de Reims.

## Manchester City
31st August: 18-year old England youth goalkeeper, Eve Annets, joins Portsmouth on-loan for the 2024/2025 season.

## Tottenham Hotspur
31st August: Rosella Ayane joins NWSL side Chicago Red Stars on a short-term loan until December. Ayane has been with the club since 2019.
1st September: Australia international, Hayley Raso, signs for the club. Raso will be making her return to the WSL after 1 year away with Real Madrid. Raso previously played for Everton and Manchester City between 2020 and 2023. 

## West Ham United
26th August: Colombia international, Manuela Pavi, joins from Deportivo Cali on a permanent 3-year contract. The 23-year old represented the international side in all four matches in the Paris Olympic games where she also scored against France.
